weaver has more for this video font
here I am making small bonus videos
in the eighth but always according to good
but Christmas of all kinds new
are the Christmas guarantors for you
So go like there might not
too much but I wanted to do during the day
like that to the voyeur picked before
I was the inanimate woman bits
we're always going to curtain the big ones
stars after oil the big there down
the little novelty law
this is a long white dress
blue begins to be without it
do not see very well which and blue is
jelly put around the bush
what better so here is so
this is the big one we see a little but
So here I was talking to you about water
of undecided that I want to launch here
sorry here you go I want to start at
After ten gold subscribers to Papuan
mouths from 10 to beaumont ousted
fools actually does not have a project do it
visibly digest this for seven years
we are not going to tell you good and I
decorate the facade of my house
you're not going so much so here I am you
speaks you unsubscribe six best
I'm trying to move forward I have a pretty good side
money
I want to prove to 11 years
takes the maximum cinema so in fact this
that I'm trying too I'll go to
the photo gilles traverso in the video
I will actually be rain sticks
but one for Christmas strikes radical at
game if it will be where I will take michel I
am safe with mu who are there
with my brother I saw that I was showing
at the top while you and I and bone
redescendrai is actually there will be some
brighter beards will show you the
photo I am looking for a job very low white
come and free that here and in fact here
our after another to show you
photos will trace your presence to an end
here it here there will be a bit like the
front of a house to that in red that
will show his motorcycle racing will be simply
the bush it will not make me equivalent
by the showmen it will be the gutter is
a little slow here is here was shown
normally just know maybe a
look if the yellow ball with in hand a
mice dollars we laugh the interview
this is the most rotten where they all yves
archambault sylla this one contempt
it's up to the president to put it badly
to play to see our athletes and beauvois
so is the proof many of the six who
have their ebooks 15 and gourry heart
Thursday diageo who welcomes you names me
take a guillaume excuse me I
would put the gallant that will flow to
subscribers I will let go from here and my
brother on the edge is ready for all that
and initially we know that a few hours
Tomorrow it's not won
here it is paris15 subscribers and if I
want blue at the end of the year and I
hope has also same sex here
it says that 20 subscribers at the end of
the year and 20 games here no longer a voice
that's for sure this little joint of cluses
and to this Belgian hero is not for
cover many CFA francs many have
not made of this little topo I have that
also shows that they linked wagered
micro kowalak no I did not elise small
music or who will leave from there the son
laurent sensiblerie lorenzon by work
and that will make a perfect enclosure that's in
hollow what the son plays the son area
in fact it's a representation of a
white garland like glue like
those who are the bush
here and I do not know how much
bringing together six years to 4 minutes
this is my cycle of ministry going there so
it will make the whole garland the garland
white garland will do that and needs
would put two little trees of which I
will also do not pronounce on
internet that's the information at every
stores and she's still there so
the lawyer there will be two trees so a
here and there will do by the lottery will be
where so here there will be business had
costly
for that we have to come to
widows subscribers here have celebrated the video
bonus challenge of thomert and I hope we
will see each other for a next video on
is at + and good party to all and good
souls in good shape and rained
m